>> Mike North: So
the last thing I want to talk about before
we take some final
measurements on our app and
wrap up is a high level patterns for
progressive web app architecture.
So we've learned about a lot of different
ingredients that we can put together
in order to make our app work offline,
background sync, notifications,
terminate a service worker remotely,
using those sequel database that's
right in our browser, but how do we like
adopt a pattern that we know works, right.
We don't want to reinvent the wheel.
So the first pattern I want to
talk about is called App Shell.
And we've actually been sort
of using this the whole time,
at least since we dealt with
enhanced client-side rendering.
If you remember, we grabbed some HTML,
found the stuff that is visible on
the screen no matter what URL we're on.
We kind of started with that.
And that would be, like, the shell,
that is like the User interface
elements of our applications.
At least the top level user interface,
right?
No data is required in order for
that to be rendered, and
that's why we were able to start with that
and get a sub one second initial paint.
The second thing, the second part of this
is stuff that is drawn within the shell
and that would be our grocery items,
right?
If we start adding this stuff to our
grocery item database we'll see new things
showing up there.
>> Mike North: So
here's an example using Twitter Lite,
which is a great progressive web app
that was released very recently.
And they're doing well in
emerging markets with this,
where there's a lot of reluctance
to install native apps on phones.
And you can see here, we've got sort
of the shell, highlighted in orange.
And those are just
the navigation elements,
the core top-level actions
available on the bottom.
And then the tweets,
that's the content that is rendered later.
We need some dynamic thing,
in order for that to work.
And in terms of, if you've ever built a
native mobile app, like often times you'll
have that frame showing, your app
bar that'll render first, and then
you'll kind of wait for your content to
come in and render that as a second step.
This is just adopting that same pattern.
So, it's pretty easy to see where the line
between the shell and the content is here.
Mostly because we already
kind of extracted it out.
>> Mike North: So the idea here is
that we can cache the App Shell with
the Service Worker as we have been.
But the key change that we can make
in order to truly adopt App Shell
is that even in the event
that we're online,
we will render that shell first
before going to the network
to get like HTML content potentially
that we can render in the app.
So in theory,
we don't have to have that bias.
We just have to flip the bias essentially,
where for
the index.html stuff,
we could hit the cache first and
then only go to the network in
the event that the cache is empty.
Because honestly,
index.html is not changing much.
Now, in order for this to work,
you have to have a way of getting
a new index.html to the browser,
in the background.
Because if we were to use the cache first,
we'd be sort of in an app cache territory,
where we're never seeing a new
version of our app deployed.
We never like get rid of the cache,
we never find a new service worker so
you wouldn't necessarily want to do that.
But an interesting pattern that helps you
draw the line between stuff that you can
show almost instantly verses things
that you must hit a server for
in order to get new data